Water levels reached those of the infamous 1947 floods – the worst Thames area flood of the 20th century.
Beside the Thames in north Surrey: 50,000 sandbags were distributed; 1,000 homes were flooded. The school car park transforms into a distribution centre.
"We were so far away from the river we didn’t think we would get flooded…The water rose about eight inches in two hours or something…it went up really fast." - Ben, aged 12
"Well… they didn’t give us a bad warning. They just said, ‘you need a flood plan in place. You shouldn’t flood, you’re not in the flood area.’  So we thought we’ll just be prepared if anything does happen. We didn’t think it was gonna come in… We were just prepared that the roads would be closed." - Daniel, aged 14
"That’s where I first saw the water coming through the hedge…and my heart started going really fast." - Thomas, aged 9
"At first me and my brother thought it was quite fun but then it kept on going up higher and higher and it started scaring us because we didn’t know what would happen next." - Ben, aged 12
"The next day when the water had gone down a bit, there was this boat and it was stranded." - Ben, aged 12
"I was just crying so much because just the shock that you’re getting flooded. And you’re like, you put so much hard work into everything, like just buying stuff and working so hard to get that stuff, like to get the money to buy it, and then you… it all gets taken away in storage and you don’t get it back for ages." - Jodi, aged 14
Sally, aged 11, and her family were evacuated to a small hotel unsuitable for disabled guests. The rooms were cramped. Her dad is a wheelchair user and Sally said it was really hard for him. He injured himself whilst trying to wash. The family was then moved into a more suitable hotel but they were forced to move yet again because availability at the hotel was limited. Coming on top of the shock of the flooding, this had the effect of making the family feel isolated and misunderstood.
"Living in a hotel, it wasn’t great… It was just weird because you don’t make your own cereal or anything; they just give it to you. It’s like, you want to do those everyday things!" - Andrew, aged 15
"So we had to go online and get our like… and get our work off of there. But I couldn’t because I’m in a hotel, I’ve got no Wi-Fi or anything like that. The hotel’s Wi-Fi was absolutely terrible, you couldn’t do anything, and this was when we were choosing options, GCSE options and I couldn’t even like fill out that form because it was online, I couldn’t print it out." - Andrew, aged 15
"When we moved I couldn’t go to the park or anything with my friends because they were all so far away… They kept on asking me but I couldn’t get back, because my mum wouldn’t let me cycle in the dark." - Ben, aged 12
Callum, aged 12, moved in with his grandparents: "I could barely move in my room. I couldn’t sort of get to sleep… I was so scared like [of it] falling down on me… all my stuff, Mum’s stuff, everything from the kitchen, all the stuff [from] all the rooms."
"I was a bit scared… because down my road like the drains started coming off and then I thought like the drains here would like come off as well, so… I was a bit scared that like I’m going to fall down a drain." - Lewis, aged 14
"I saw gas bottles on the floor in different parts of houses. They were floated away by the water… And then we saw loads of bits of bricks and stuff…. and trees and stuff." - India, aged 9
"And there was mud after the flood. We were walking and there was mud… Yeah, on the BUSHES, on the STEPS, and it was HORRIBLE." - Jane, aged 10
"And what was really sad was, we had a door and that had all our heights on it. Like it had me when I was two …and it had our cat on his back legs and we couldn’t save that… It’s just a lot of things, like our table that we had before. It just had us learning how to write on it… pen on it… It just had memories, sort of, on it." - Louisa, aged 9
"Every day we visited the house… I think it was the second visit we realised we’re flooded we saw the water in the house… it wasn’t a lot, it was just about maybe three inches, four inches, but it can still do a lot of damage. You still have to knock the plaster off one metre up from that, so it creates a lot of damage, yeah, not good." - Andrew, aged 15
"The skip shows the destruction the floods left…it shows all people’s memories and all their like precious things that got ruined." - Jodi, aged 14
"The level’s gone back down and it’s like quite nice to go there… and they’re all recovering and starting to move back in… BUT… it could go back again, and when you’re there people do kind of forget about what it was like a year ago… They forget it could happen again…" - Daniel, aged 14
"I think they should improve… If they thought it was going to happen, the ambulance and the firemen could say: ‘Come on… we should go. I don’t know if it’s gonna be true, but we should go just in case, because we don’t want you getting hurt.’ So they should make it… more defensible, so we could go through and not…drown or anything…" - Britney, aged 8