"Mum and Dad just told us to get upstairs as soon as they knew it was coming, and so we just grabbed a few things and ran upstairs." - Louisa, aged 9
"My friends came and had to stay with us for three days…. They were like petrified and there was nothing we could do to help them." - Helena, aged 10
"My village school… was the main centre where all the people who were saved from their houses were. Me and my sister and her friend went down to see if they needed help…. We just served food and made tea and coffee for the people who were going out and rescuing people from their houses… I felt quite good at myself then. I could have been home just watching TV and I was actually constructive and helping people." - Ruth, aged 14
"We have a lot of elderly down our road that can hardly walk. I wanted to go and help them…they had no-one…. I spent an hour in the morning…seeing if they wanted anything taking upstairs to their loft… Most of them had no family to help." - Daniel, aged 14
"I basically just walked out because my Dad stopped a van… I went out with my brother and I got my lizard, made sure she was secure and everything, got into the van… because the power was going to go out very soon." - Andrew, aged 14
"We was in the bath when it started… And I had to quickly get dried, slip some pyjamas on and Mummy had to bring the hairdryer with me. And I slipped my stompies on and we went out the door." - Amber, aged 6
"My nan’s feels a bit more like home, and that’s really weird.…Yeah, we got a lot closer to them. They were saying that we never used to see them that much, probably once every two weeks, and then we suddenly saw them every day…having like a table full of people to chat to... And we talk about school and stuff and they help us with homework…we’ve had them round for dinner every weekend since we left… It’s put us closer to my nan and granddad and meant that we see them a lot more." - Daniel, aged 14
"The water was really brown. It smelled. Air freshener… four bottles (chuckles) - that’s what we needed… It lasted for weeks." - Thomas, aged 10
"We got our drying certificate on Valentine’s Day….  You had to get one…. That means your house is completely dry and now you’re allowed to start working in it." - Louisa, aged 9
"Well, when it flooded, ships didn’t go in the water but now the ships do go back in the water." - Ellie, aged 7
"Everyone in here like understands what you went through, so you can talk to them and you know that they’re okay with listening, whereas outside they haven’t been through it. Because you sometimes feel, if you’re talking it, you’re droning a bit and it’s boring [people]… whereas in here we kind of connect a bit more." - Daniel, aged 14
"Adults need to know that children become more scared and worried when they do not know what is happening… children have the right to know." - Helena, aged 10
"We’ve sorted out next time. We’ve got a flood toilet… The flood water can’t go inside it... And then we’re gonna turn all the lights off… and we’re gonna go upstairs. And then we’re gonna take our neighbours upstairs to my mum and dad’s room and then we’re going put some candles on…. and get loads of food." - India, aged 9
"We need to be more careful, more secure… We need to be ready" - Britney, aged 8