"first text"
"It was weird, because it just appeared overnight and then all of a sudden it just kept rising and rising... There had been a puddle for about a week and so everyone was quite worried, but then one morning we woke up… and it was HUGE." - Peter, aged 14
"My dog wouldn’t stop crying because we couldn’t let him out… even a couple of days after, because of all the sewage - he might have ate it." - Peter, aged 14
"It was quite early in the morning and it started raining and my mum woke us up saying, it’s flooding, and then we just got everything done… I had to unplug all the electricals, put the speakers up high. We also had to stack a sofa on a sofa, put the chairs and rug on top… to make sure they were safe." - Richard, aged 14
"We stayed, but we had to like keep our clothes on during the night and our bags packed just in case we got evacuated…" - Peter, aged 14 
"Dad opened the door to see what was happening and there was all this water sort of coming down …  We stayed for a little bit, then it went up more, and then it went to the top step and Dad said, ‘We need to go now. When I say now, I mean now.’" - Callum, aged 12
"It’s not coming through the river it’s coming up the ground and that’s when we had to call my Dad in from work." - Ben, aged 12
"There’s people on my road who are still not in their houses… yeah, that’s not good at all, still living in hotels, and they’ve got like whole families going to work and going to schools and you can’t cope with it." - Andrew, aged 15
"If your insurance were nice enough to give you a skip, then you were so grateful, you were so lucky. Money couldn’t buy you a skip…" - Jodi, aged 14
"All the houses are empty. Like all you can see is like loads of builders and stuff and all loads of cars. Well, you feel like it’s in a ghost town." - Callum, aged 12
"It takes a long time to get everything working again" - Richard, aged 14
"I’m just kind of like worried it’s going to happen again this year… I suppose I’m going to worry every year though. Even if it doesn’t happen, we’re still going to worry." - Jodi, aged 14
"They didn’t realise that it would have ever flooded but now they realise that it will more than likely flood again, so they’ve bought themselves a little raft that I made… Because it’s happened before, it can happen again. They’re adapting." - Richard, aged 14
